break out to python and java directories for automation examples (#9)
digital-asset/hub-pythonbot-example: java/README.md

│       │                   ├── Change.java
│       │                   ├── Follow.java
│       │                   ├── Notification.java
│       │                   └── User.java
│       └── resources
│           └── logback.xml
```

### `main`

```java
public class Main {

    public static void main(String[] args) {

        String appId = System.getenv("DAML_APPLICATION_ID");
        String ledgerId = System.getenv("DAML_LEDGER_ID");
        String userId = System.getenv("DAML_USER_ID");
        String url[] = System.getenv("DAML_LEDGER_URL").split(":");
        String host = url[0];
        int port = Integer.parseInt(url[1]);
    }
}
```

## Configuration

You can configure an automation that may differ from deployment to deployment by uploading a configuration file when the automation is deployed.

This configuration can be of any type, for example `.json`, `.toml`, `.yaml`.

To access this configuration file from the automation, set the environment variable `CONFIG_FILE` to point to a location on the volume where the configuration file is stored. This can then be read by the automation and parsed based on what type of file was uploaded.

> For example if a JSON file was uploaded:

Reviewer: I really like this example. Could we also add an example of what a config file looks like, or link to one in the repo?

Copyright (c) 2024 Digital Asset (Switzerland) GmbH and/or its affiliates. All Rights Reserved. SPDX-License-Identifier: 0BSD

> # Sample code

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
# Sample Code
```

**This repo contains sample code to help you get started with Daml. Please bear
in mind that it is provided for illustrative purposes only, and as such may not
be production quality and/or may not fit your use-cases. You may use the
contents of this repo in parts or in whole according to the BSD0 license:**

> Copyright © 2024 Digital Asset (Switzerland) GmbH and/or its affiliates
>
> Permission to use, copy, modify, and/or distribute this software for any purpose with or without fee is hereby granted.
>
> THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS" AND THE AUTHOR DISCLAIMS ALL WARRANTIES WITH REGARD TO THIS SOFTWARE INCLUDING ALL IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHOR BE LIABLE FOR ANY SPECIAL, DIRECT, INDIRECT, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES OR ANY DAMAGES WHATSOEVER RESULTING FROM LOSS OF USE, DATA OR PROFITS, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, NEGLIGENCE OR OTHER TORTIOUS ACTION, ARISING OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE USE OR PERFORMANCE OF THIS SOFTWARE.

> **This repository does not accept Pull Requests at the moment.**

> # Example Jvm Bot

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
## Example JVM Bot
```

> This repository has a simple skeleton example of a Jvm Automations that can be run in Daml Hub. This can be copied and then adjusted to your application.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
This repository has a simple skeleton example of a JVM automation that can be run in Daml Hub. This can be copied and then adjusted to your application.
```

The Daml model in [example-model](../example-model/) has its templates generated into the source code via `daml codegen` - you can either build a model from this example or replace the
codegen and model with your own.

For more examples of how to use the Daml Java Bindings, please refer to https://github.com/digital-asset/ex-java-bindings.

### To build

```sh
  make all
```

Running this will use [maven](https://maven.apache.org/install.html) to build and package a 'fat' `.jar` file with the bot. It will then copy the file with the correct version and name (as set in the `Makefile`) into the root directory - the `.jar` file is what will be uploaded to Daml Hub to run the automation.

### To run locally

```sh
  java -jar target/example-bot-0.1.0.jar

```

or directly from your IDE, you can run the Main.java file

## Structure

### pom.xml
https://github.com/digital-asset/hub-pythonbot-example/blob/51b05c41849dc98b821cc3a1244b0235f3bc0339/java/pom.xml#L1-L89

> ### Directory Structure

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
### Directory structure
```

│       │               │   ├── JavabotResponse.java
│       │               │   ├── PythonbotRequest.java
│       │               │   ├── PythonbotResponse.java
│       │               │   ├── Pythonbot_Accept.java
│       │               │   ├── TriggerRequest.java
│       │               │   ├── TriggerResponse.java
│       │               │   └── Trigger_Accept.java
│       │               └── user
│       │                   ├── Acknowledge.java
│       │                   ├── Alias.java
│       │                   ├── Change.java
│       │                   ├── Follow.java
│       │                   ├── Notification.java
│       │                   └── User.java
│       └── resources
│           └── logback.xml
```

### `main`

```java
public class Main {

    public static void main(String[] args) {

        String appId = System.getenv("DAML_APPLICATION_ID");
        String ledgerId = System.getenv("DAML_LEDGER_ID");
        String userId = System.getenv("DAML_USER_ID");
        String url[] = System.getenv("DAML_LEDGER_URL").split(":");
        String host = url[0];
        int port = Integer.parseInt(url[1]);
    }
}
```

## Configuration

> For configuration of an automation that may differ from deployment to deployment, a configuration file can be uploaded when the automation is deployed.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
You can configure an automation that may differ from deployment to deployment by uploading a configuration file when the automation is deployed.
```

This configuration can be of any type, for example `.json`, `.toml`, `.yaml`.

> To access this configuration file from the automation, the environment variable `CONFIG_FILE` is set that will point to a location on the volume where the configuration file is stored. This can then be read by the automation and parsed based on what type of file was uploaded.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
To access this configuration file from the automation, set the environment variable `CONFIG_FILE` to point to a location on the volume where the configuration file is stored. This can then be read by the automation and parsed based on what type of file was uploaded.
```

For example if a JSON file was uploaded:
```java
        try {
            String configFilePath = System.getenv("CONFIG_FILE");
            String configContent = Files.readString(Paths.get(configFilePath));
            JSONObject config = new JSONObject(configContent);

            System.out.println("configFilePath: " + configFilePath);
            System.out.println("configFileContents" + config.toString());

        } catch (IOException | JSONException e) {
            // Catch any file read or JSON parsing errors in case the argument JSON file wasn't uploaded.
            e.printStackTrace();
        }
```

## External Connectivity

> Jvm Automations running on ledgers owned by Enterprise users can connect to services running on the internet outside of Daml Hub. The outgoing IP address is dynamically set.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
JVM automations running on ledgers owned by Enterprise users can connect to services running on the internet outside of Daml Hub. The outgoing IP address is dynamically set.
```

For incoming connections, Daml Hub provides a webhook URL of`http://{ledgerId}.daml.app/automation/{instanceId}/`. This link can be copied from the Status Page for the running instance.

If you would like to accept traffic to that endpoint, you can run a webserver running on the default `0.0.0.0:8080`. A request pointed directly to the webhook URL will be routed to the root `/` of your server.

> ## Bot code

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
## Bot Code
```

> Jvm Automations running in Daml Hub generally use the [Daml Java Bindings](https://docs.daml.com/app-dev/bindings-java/index.html#java-bindings) to react to incoming Daml contracts.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
JVM automations running on Daml Hub generally use the [Daml Java Bindings](https://docs.daml.com/app-dev/bindings-java/index.html#java-bindings) to react to incoming Daml contracts.
```
